The Joe Rogan experience. That's some of our favorite stories though,
is someone who comes back like Dave Chappelle is a perfect example of that.
I can do what the I want. Not only that.
Dave did it in a legendary way.
They offer them all this money to do this comedy central show in a different
way. They want him to change it and tone it down.
They want to make it more suitable for advertisers, too many voices.
And he's like, you know what? I'm just going to go to Africa.
He just went to Africa.
I'm out, just took off and then came back and said, I quit.
And then stopped doing standup. He was doing,
I don't know if you know he was doing stand-up in a park in Seattle.
He'd show up with a box and just do it.
Plug a microphone into it and just start doing standard.
But people would gather around like, what the is happening here? No,
he didn't want any money. He would just show up at shows.
If you want to do a show, he would show up at a comedy club. No money.
Just show up, do a show after the show is over.
It's a great Dave Chappelle story. I'm in Seattle.
I think it was in Seattle. Sold out arena thing.
I'm doing to Seattle. And we had two shows. Same night.
We do about 30,000 people. Right? great day.
Miss Seattle. I get word to Dave.
Chappelle is in Seattle and Dave Chappelle randomly put up a theater
show and he's performing
tonight. Yeah. He's performing tonight. Call date, Dave.
You in Seattle? Yeah. When did you book a show here?
I would've came, dude. I'm here. I'm at the theater. Oh, I didn't even know,
man. What'd you meet Dave? I'm at the arena. What?
I am going to see if I can get down there to iron man. Y'all just put them up.
What time do you think you going to get here? I don't know.
After my show, I pushed the time back, man. Dave
pushed the time back. What did you put? All the stuff. I don't know, man.
Tell him, I'll do it. Not show up, man.
I just call him and tell him I'm going to push it back, man.
I get to the theater. I rush after our show,
Dave has a, uh,
a trailer and it was like a little motor thing on the back of the trailer.
It's like a little bus motor trend, like bus.
And then it was like little, the things that you pull in attached to it.
I said, what are you doing here? He's like, I don't know.
My we've been doing cross country taking our bikes, man. We ride across country.
So I just, when I need money, I just book a show and just.
So different, so.
Different. And he sold him. But the freedom,
Dave has a level of freedom. Me and Chris rock. Talk about it, man. You know?
No one's like him, his, his level of freedom. I put myself in his place.
You know, I got the, the,
the corporate relationships in the CEO hat and the companies.
So, you know,
I can't do certain things because the consequences aren't just for
me, it's for the people that are underneath this umbrella.
If something were to happen, it's I have to be, I have to be responsible.
I have to,
I have to understand that it's not just about me and I'm envious and
jealous of Dave's ability to go and be free
as a comic in the times where we desperately need to be. Yes,
we desperately need to be.
And Dave can be and a bow down to him.
I called the, I don't give a about these numbers. Anything. I got Dave,
in my opinion, you're the goat. In my opinion,
you're last special has allowed you to surpass
the Richard Pryor. In my opinion,
Dave Chappelle,
I got to witness do groundbreaking
controversial
movement as a comedian.
And the times where comedy was being frowned upon
comedians were being held accountable for
doing what we thought we would never be ridiculed for. Right?
The one person that has stood on a pedestal that
got the attention that no others can get outside of
myself, a rock, a Seinfeld.
He said in the time where the fire is the hottest
I'm going to do what nobody else will.
You got to applaud that he stood up for comedy. He stood up for comedy.
Whether you want to see that or not. Right? He did that. Yes,
he did it when there's the most pressure when it was the most pressure.
And when the times of we could cancel you, by the way,
which is the stupidest that I've ever witnessed in my 40 years of
life, the whole idea of I can kill you today with it,
with the cooking, by knocking your life. By the way,
this is a real feeling that people have, yes, I'm in control of your life.
If I want your life to stop and be over our counsel,
you and I means you can't live no more. This is how ridiculous it is.
Think about the meaning of council culture.
So you're saying that my life is over.
I can no longer survivor or provide for myself. Cancel,
I don't know, figure it out. You're canceled. They Chappelle said, all that.
Do what you wanna do. I'm gonna do me.
That is epic. That is groundbreaking.
That gold like behavior. So I bow down to Mr. Chapin.
He's very important.
He's one of the most important figures in the history of common.
Cause the fact that he's willing to do this when the scrutiny is the highest,
you know, and, and also just his, his just his story,
the BA the way he did it,
the way he walked away for 10 years and then came back and immediately went
right to the top.
You know, it's my, that is my as my brother from another mother. I love him.
Chris, rock, Chris rock and Maggie. One more. May Chris rock had comedy cellar.
I called Chris, Hey Chris, come down to the cellar, man.
I'm a working with jokes tonight. I'll see what you think. Alright, Kevin,
I'll come though. Chris comes down. He's like, yeah, I'm gonna get up to,
I got some I'm working on too. So tell what you think. But I go on stage.
Chris rock sits in the back of the seller. Get off stage, Chris.
I funny cab though. I was like, yeah, you like it. Right? Got some stuff,
got some notes. He's like, yo, I'm about to go. Art done. I'm sitting here.
I'm watching. Chris goes up. Chris got some funny. Chris. Funny.
I like it, man. Chris, I have a nice conversation. Go upstairs. We about to eat.
Dave comes in. What update would you do doing? I was going to go up. I'll, man.
Chris went up. We will come down and watch you. Right? Dave goes on stage.
Dave does about an hour. There's a moment where Dave is probably at about 40,
45 minutes in may of Chris, both look at each other. And at the same time,
when I was saying the word balled up, the material that we just worked on,
we, we without saying it without saying it.
I ripped the page that I had in my little book.
And Chris just balled up his little thing. And we were like, he's unbelievable.
We came in crafted. We got some that we wanted to work on.
Dave just went up there and talk.
It's like, he's living like a legend. You know what I mean? Like if you,
if you wanted to have a legend of a comedian,
you would talk about a guy who created the greatest sketch show of all time.
I mean, it only went for two seasons, but when you talk about like sketches,
like Clayton Biggs B, when you talk about the Rick James,
these are so classic. They're unstoppable.
And then he goes away. He goes away like a mountain.
He vanishes he's in a farm in Ohio. You hear? Where is he? He's on a farm.
You got a farm. He's on a farm in Ohio. What is he doing? Comedy?
Sometimes randomly just shows up sad his barn.
But he does this for 10 years as in Denver. Right?
And this was before his comeback. I was in Denver and um,
I'm doing standup and uh,
I get off stage and I opened the green room and Dave's there I go, Dave,
what are you doing? And he goes, oh, Hey Joe, I just decided to fly into Denver.
I go, you don't have a show. Schedule nothing. He goes, nah, man,
I heard you here. I signed him flying. I go, do you want to go up? He goes, oh,
should I go. Yeah, hold on a second. I run back.
People are leaving people getting up and go, come back, come back,
tell everybody to come back. I go, Dave, Chappelle's here. And I'm like, what?
They all come back, sit down. And he does 40 minutes.
I love the best part of that story is you want to go up?
Should I dang Dave? You just took a flight to Denver.
Yeah. Dave, why not?
I guess so then he takes me out.
We'd go out on the town to all these spots that I didn't even know
existed in Denver. He knows where all these,
after hours places you go behind an alley, you knock on a door. They open it up.
Everything's velvet line. It's a small private bar. He's he's.
He is a one on one. He's one of one.
One of one of, one of one.
What the is, should be like, you see, this is, this is us embracing.
This is us embracing. We're embracing someone,
embracing got there's nothing wrong with that. World is important.
There's nothing worse. There's nothing wrong with embracing someone.
That's doing what you can deem as great.
Yes. A house to have to it's part of the thing you have to,
you have to sing praise, shower,
praise on people that are doing it the right way.
And no one's ever done it better than Dave. He's doing it the right way. No.
And even like I said, even the legendary store, it's like,
he's like a character in a book. No.
I'm saying a mountain man. He's like a mountain man.
He goes off to a farm outside of Dayton. Ohio.
Does that. By the way, tells me Kev, you got to come down to the farm, Dave.
I don't what.
I don't.
Want to, what do you want me to do down there? Dave? What do you want me to do?
You got to come down, man. It's a good time. We're going to have good time, man.
It's the barn fires music. Dave, it's a farm.
You got to promise me. All right. I'm coming, Dave. I, I like literally, I,
I can only hope to be remotely close to as
creative as he is at that point in my career and
find this jello. Like he's in an amazing jello right now.
He knows who he is.
I compromised and no one can tell him any different. He is who he is.
I mean,
he just he's unapologetically himself and he gets
it.
He's his part of his brilliance is not just being in a brilliant observer and a,
a brilliant orator in a, in a describer of life.
But also in being who he is perfectly like he doesn't have any conflict
in being who he is. He knows who he is. He knows how to do it.
He knows how to do it. Right.
And he's okay with not having.
And when he walks on stage, man, he strolls on that stage.
Like he belongs there. He's okay.
Yeah.
Go.